Add page with related documentation to Mondo docs (#9514)
monarch-initiative/mondo: docs/editors-guide/related-documentation.md

## Related documentation

> A lot of documentation for Mondo is scattered across various Google docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority of in-depth Mondo documentation is in Google Docs within the Mondo gDrive [Documentation](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1PfUBAOqUN76ETGSiu2ATA0ZMuqfv6X2U) folder.
```
